Add Angular SSR content (#171)
infinum/frontend-handbook: Angular/Server-side rendering (SSR)/SEO.md

### Open Graph Meta Tags and Twitter Cards
These tags make social media syncing easier. Open graph meta tags promote integration between Facebook, LinkedIn, Google, and your website.

Here is a list of important Open Graph tags:

 * `<meta property="og:title" content="TITLE">`
 * `<meta property="og:description" content="DESCRIPTION">`
 * `<meta property="og:url" content="URL">`
 * `<meta property="og:site_name" content="SITE_NAME">`
 * `<meta property="og:image" content="IMAGE_URL">`
 * `<meta property="og:type" content="TYPE">` (you can find [here](https://ogp.me/#types) list of all types)
 * `<meta property="og:locale" content="LOCALE">`

Twitter will use Open Graph meta tags if twitter ones are not set. You don't need to set twitter meta tags except if you want a different contest for the twitter cards.

 * `<meta name="twitter:card" content="summary  | summary_large_image">`

### Header Tags
You can use header tags to change font sizes and signify information hierarchy on a page.
The heading elements go from H1 to H6. H1 is the largest and most important level, and H6 is the smallest and least important.

## SEO service

> In this example here we will cover service example for the SEO:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how you might implement a service that makes it easier to set various tags:
```

	}

	private setType(type: string | undefined): void {
		this.metaService.addTag({ property: 'og:type', content: type ?? this.defaultType });
	}

	private setLocale(): void {
		this.metaService.addTag({
			property: 'og:locale',
			content: languageToLocale(this.translocoService.getActiveLang() as Language),
		});
	}

	private setTwitterCard(type: string | undefined): void {
		this.metaService.addTag({ name: 'twitter:card', content: type ?? this.defaultTwitterCard });
	}

	private removeAllMetaTags(): void {
		this.metaService.removeTag('property="og:title"');
		this.metaService.removeTag('name="description"');
		this.metaService.removeTag('property="og:description"');
		this.metaService.removeTag('property="og:url"');
		this.metaService.removeTag('property="og:site_name"');
		this.metaService.removeTag('property="og:image"');
		this.metaService.removeTag('property="og:image:width"');
		this.metaService.removeTag('property="og:image:height"');
		this.metaService.removeTag('property="og:image:type"');
		this.metaService.removeTag('property="og:type"');
		this.metaService.removeTag('property="og:locale"');
		this.metaService.removeTag('name="twitter:card"');
	}
}
```

> For using this SEO service it is best to create `guard` which will call this service before accessing the page. You can define route data and read it in the `guard`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For using this SEO service it is best to create a `guard` which will call this service before accessing the page. You can define route data and read it in the `guard`:
```

```angularjs
{
    path: 'homepage',
    data: {
        [RouteData.Title]: 'homepage.seo.title',
        [RouteData.Description]: 'homepage.seo.description',
    },
    canActivate: [SeoContentGuard],
    runGuardsAndResolvers: 'always',
}
```

This is example if your application is using translation, so you will provide translation keys.

`runGuardsAndResolvers: 'always'` is used to be sure that guard will be fired on navigation back.

> To be able to use translations there is function `createTranslatedSeoContent` in the service which is using the `TranslocoService` to get translations. In the last step lets crate the guard:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To translate the content, we use `createTranslatedSeoContent` and `TranslocoService`. The last step is to create the guard:
```
